Add MID() and NOT LIKE examples (#16955)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/string-functions.md

### [`MID()`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/string-functions.html#function_mid)

> The `MID(str, start, end)` function returns a substring starting from the specified `start` position and ends at the optinal `end` position.

Reviewer: Please report a bug, since it looks like the `end` position is not optional in TiDB:
```mysql
tidb> select mid("kalle", 2);
ERROR 1582 (42000): Incorrect parameter count in the call to native function 'mid'
```

Author: https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/52420

### [`MID()`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/string-functions.html#function_mid)

> The `MID(str, start, end)` function returns a substring starting from the specified `start` position and ends at the optinal `end` position.

Reviewer 2: I think `MID(str, pos, len)` is better, as the third parameter specifies the substr len, not the end position.

```sql
mysql> select mid("12345", "3", "1");
+------------------------+
| mid("12345", "3", "1") |
+------------------------+
| 3                      |
+------------------------+
```

If any of the arguments are NULL the function returns NULL.

TiDB doesn't support the two arguments variant of this function. See also [Github Issue #52420](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/52420).

Examples:

In the example below `MID()` returns the input string from the second until (including) the third character.

```sql
SELECT MID('abcdef',2,3);
```

```
+-------------------+
| MID('abcdef',2,3) |
+-------------------+
| bcd               |
+-------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

### [`NOT LIKE`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/string-comparison-functions.html#operator_not-like)

Negation of simple pattern matching.

> This function does the opposite of [`LIKE`](#like).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This function performs the inverse operation of [`LIKE`](#like).
```

Examples:

> In the example below `NOT LIKE` returns 0 (False) as "aaa" is matching the `a%` pattern.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the following example, `NOT LIKE` returns `0` (False) because `aaa` matches the `a%` pattern.
```

```sql
SELECT 'aaa' LIKE 'a%', 'aaa' NOT LIKE 'a%';
```

```
+-----------------+---------------------+
| 'aaa' LIKE 'a%' | 'aaa' NOT LIKE 'a%' |
+-----------------+---------------------+
|               1 |                   0 |
+-----------------+---------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

> In the example below `NOT LIKE` returns 1 (True) as "aaa" is not matching the `b%` pattern.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the following example, `NOT LIKE` returns `1` (True) because "aaa" does not match the `b%` pattern.
```

> In the following example, `NOT LIKE` returns `1` (True) because "aaa" does not match the `b%` pattern.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the following example, `NOT LIKE` returns `1` (True) because `aaa` does not match the `b%` pattern.
```
